c1cada
======
I have on more than one occasion been approached by cicada solvers who have had thier thoughts and ideas dismissed and thier contributions to the wiki titan pads etc removed. Some people have quit outright and other have tried to assimilate into the rank and file solvers in an attempt to solve the 2014 puzzle. As it stands right now, there are no groups that have succefully completed ANYTHING beyond a couple of pages. So now some of us are going to try things another way.
it is your choice whether or not you want to believe what I am saying but the fact does remain that someone cicada or otherwise has made multiple attempts to jumpstart a functioning community. It hasnt worked out too well. The amount of true concerted effort and sincere cooperation between solvers has been very underwhelming. 
As a lightning rod for the ire of the status quo i can attest that open minds have been discouraged. Why do you think I am here? What purpose could i serve other than a bunny on the lunatic fringe? Am I just a troll? No. I am THE troll. It asnt by design, i just fell into this role and on many occasions i have intended to have no part of the solving process. I keep coming back because I keep getting asked to. Some of you are so obstinate in your opinions of me that you completely lose sight of everything else. It was an experiment and test that you all failed. 
On several occasions my suggestions and ideas have been validated, both by practical observation as well as some outside party that has on more than one occasion offered guidance to several people, myself being one of them. On more than one occasion I was asked to pass along clues. guidance. information. Here is some of it again.... the bach .mp3 has a reoccuring data structure every 72 characters. its beginning is denoted by ..4d. page 54... the second and third word are the same word. Put some work in. drop yourt bias against me and the way that you have been played. This is puzzle for programmers. Treat it as such. First thing that needs to be done is that all available information will need to be recompiled into a usable format. Perhaps a file for each page. Figure it out. There will be a forum and channel in the next day or so. Stop making suggestions. Start coding solutions. 
